-Previously on Monarch...
-NICKY: So you stayed
out of the spotlight
because you thought
you'd outshine me?
Well, there can only be
one queen.
The deal was, you pay them
-what they demand every month.
-What guarantee
do we have that they'll give
us the documents after I'm gone?
I'm dying Saturday night,
right after the concert.
-And you're gonna help me do it.
-What did you do?
MARYBETH:
The prelim tox screen showed us
some questionable results.
Then a member of my family
is going to jail.
GIGI:
Mama wrote this song.
Yeah, I think
Daddy cheated on her.
Isn't anyone's marriage
what it's supposed to be?
Mine is.
We have to stop this.
NICKY:
You're not eating sushi
and you're not drinking sake.
How far along are you?
Luke doesn't even know yet.
(insects trilling)
Evening, Ms. Roman.
Mind if I have
a few words with your father?
They're either gonna show up
here with a warrant
or they're gonna go back
out there
and start digging.
We better get to that body
before they do.
Oh, hell.
Somebody got here first.
♪ ♪
Oh, my God.
One job.
-You had one job--
just get rid of the damn body.
-(door opens)
-Watch yourself, boy.
-Or what?
What are you gonna do, old man?
-I prefer to show, not tell.
-(door closes)
NICKY:
Hey. What are you doing?
Stop it. The only way
we're gonna get through all this
is if we stick together
and stay calm.
Calm?
(scoffs)
There's a dead body out there,
somewhere,
and we're complicit. All of us.
Let me remind everybody
who we're protecting here.
I think we all know
it ain't just me.
("Copperhead Road"
by Steve Earle playing)
♪ Now, Daddy ran the whiskey
in a big black Dodge ♪
♪ Bought it at an auction
at the Masons' lodge ♪
Just one, Earl.
♪ Then the sheriff... ♪
Um, Geeg, have you seen Luke?
No.
-Actually.
-He would never miss
a signing party.
Hey.
I can't believe
this is all for me. (chuckles)
You deserve it.
You okay?
Totally.
I'm lying. I'm so nervous.
Don't be.
We're just like
any other super famous,
overprivileged,
always-in-the-public-eye family.
-(both laugh)
-NICKY:
Excuse me. If I could have
all your attention
just for a minute.
Ana.
We would like to introduce Ana
-to our Monarch label.
-(Catt whoops)
(cheering and applause)
-Whoo-whoo!
-GIGI: When we sign
a new artist, we have
a little Monarch tradition.
Tatum has collected
slips of paper.
Each one has a song on it.
You're gonna stick
your little hand in there.
-(chuckles)
-Yeah.
And you're gonna pick one out.
And whichever one you pick,
-you have to sing.
-Drumroll.
-(drumroll)
-Hmm?
What'd you get?
-That one's mine.
-(drumroll ends)
-(chuckles)
-"Sugar" in "G."
One, two,
-three.
-♪ Tastes like strawberries ♪
♪ On a summer evenin' ♪
♪ And it sounds
just like a song ♪
♪ I want more berries ♪
♪ And that summer feelin' ♪
♪ It's so wonderful and warm ♪
-♪ Breathe me in ♪
-(cheering)
♪ Breathe me out ♪
♪ I don't know
if I could ever go without ♪
♪ I'm just thinking out loud ♪
♪ I don't know
if I could ever go without ♪
♪ Watermelon sugar high ♪
♪ Watermelon sugar
high ♪
♪ Watermelon sugar high ♪
♪ Watermelon sugar high... ♪
(tires screech)
(in distance):
♪ Breathe me in ♪
♪ Breathe me out ♪
♪ I don't know
if I could ever go... ♪
Hey.
I need to talk to you right now.
Where have you been?
♪ Watermelon sugar high ♪
♪ Watermelon sugar high... ♪
♪ I just wanna taste it ♪
♪ I just wanna
taste it ♪
♪ Watermelon... ♪
Why would you do that?
Why would you go
and tell the coroner about Mama?
I told you-- I wanted answers.
She had months left to live.
They found oxycodone
in her blood, Nick.
Someone gave her the pills
that night.
Someone tried to kill her, Nick!
Not someone!
(stammers) It was me-me.
I gave her those pills.
I-I did that.
What are you talking about?
Because she wanted to go out
on her own terms.
And when's the last time
someone talked Mama out
of doing what she wanted?
Nick, who else knows about this?
-Only Gigi.
-Why didn't you come to me
first?
I know. I don't...
No, you don't.
Assisted suicide
is a felony in Texas, Nick.
That means, if the D.A. files...
What, that the cops
are coming for me?
♪ ♪
Now, I know we've
all been through a lot lately.
Some of us more than others.
But I've got a prelim schedule
for the Founder's Day Rodeo.
I need y'all to take a good look
and make sure
that y'all are comfortable.
Page four. What's...
-"Gigi or Nicky" mean?
-We all know
that, every year, Mama debuted
a new song at the rodeo.
It means only one of you
is gonna pick up
Mama's mantle
and debut a new single.
-One of us?
TAMMY:
If you go by the metrics,
Gigi's on fire right now.
-I'm sorry, what?
-TOMMY: Gigi literally
has notebooks full
of new material
the fans have never heard.
It's true.
I have been writing up a storm.
Right. And what about
my new song called "Hell No"?
Nicky, have you got a new song?
Yes. I have.
And it has number one
written all over it.
ALBIE:
Good.
It's settled then.
You're both gonna sing.
May the best song win.
♪ ♪
Oh, hey, baby.
What are you doing?
I'm trying to pick a song
to perform at the rodeo.
Okay, you can't pick
some old song from a notebook.
You need something,
you know, incredible.
I guess.
You guess? I know.
You got a lot of heat on you
right now, Geeg.
It's rare, and it's fleeting.
This is a pivot point.
All eyes are on you right now.
Hey.
Be honest.
With both of us.
Do you want to be a star
like your mama?
You know I do.
Okay, then.
We need to level up and release
the most jaw-dropping song
they have ever heard.
I've got an idea... for one.
It really tears your heart out.
-But...
-No, no, no. No buts.
Just do it.
You work on the song.
I'll handle the rest.
Starting with your look.
TATUM:
Trying to write a song
for the rodeo, huh?
How's it going?
It is going well.
Really? 'Cause it looks
like a serial killer wrote that.
Writing is a process, Tatum.
Well, your process
is pretty wack.
You've been scribbling
on that pad for hours, Mom.
(scoffs)
Has it really been that long?
Let's just be honest--
Aunt Gigi's gonna win
this competition.
It is not a competition.
Keep telling yourself that.
Maybe you should just ask Gigi
for one of her songs.
Let's be honest
about how every single time I
think it's my moment, it's not.
And about how if I don't get out
of my family's shadow very soon,
I never will.
Too honest?
(chuckles)
(both chuckle)
I mean, you always tell me
-it's okay to ask for help.
-Yeah.
And I think I need help
from some of the best
songwriters in the business.
Gas up the jet, 'cause Mama's
going to Nashville.
(whispers):
Oh, yeah. Thank you.
("How Do I Live" playing)
♪ And tell me now ♪
♪ How do I live without you? ♪
♪ I want to know ♪
-♪ How do I ever ♪
-♪ Ever ♪
♪ Ever survive? ♪
-♪ How do I ♪
♪ How do I ♪
♪ Oh, how do I live? ♪
So, what'd you think, Mama?
What I think, baby,
is we got a hit.
(chuckles softly)
♪ ♪
I've quietly set pitches with
Nashville's best and brightest.
They're all coming
to give you what you need.
Which is a new look.
Lillian Tsai's the best stylist
in all of Austin.
But I need you...
...to keep an open mind.
What I'm looking for is a power
ballad. Something that's, like,
strong and sexy, undeniable.
Say no more.
Damn.
Forgot to charge it.
Got a power cord?
These outfits are--
they're nice.
Well, at least
you didn't say "pretty,"
like that Maren Morris.
I don't work with her anymore.
This is our mama's favorite.
It's like an older,
white lady version
of "Old Town Road."
All the Real Housewives love it.
♪ Keep up ♪
I want something that'll
blow people's minds.
Something outrageous.
-Bold?
-Please.
-Vicious?
-Yeah.
Just finished one last night,
and you're the first to hear it.
These are for the risk takers.
♪ Keep up ♪
-Ooh.
-♪ Keep up ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, keep up ♪
♪ Keep up ♪
♪ I bet you can't keep up. ♪
♪ Sometimes ♪
♪ I get a little too high ♪
♪ And I can't see ♪
♪ Myself through
the fire and the smoke ♪
♪ But you ♪
♪ You're like a neon light ♪
♪ Shining through a door ♪
♪ That I can't keep closed ♪
♪ I still feel high. ♪
-(squeals)
-(laughs)
Well, it's-- I-I don't even know
what to say. It's perfect.
It's absolutely, exactly
what we're looking for.
CAITLYN:
Sorry, Nicky, but...
(stammers) I think I need
to keep it for myself.
I do have a song
that I wrote about
my grandma's rocking chair
that I think would be perfect.
You want to hear that one
instead? (laughs)
♪ But don't ask her ♪
♪ On a straight ♪
♪ Tequila night ♪
♪ She'll start thinkin'
about him ♪
-♪ And she's ready to fight ♪
-(sighs)
♪ Blames her broken heart
on every man in sight... ♪
JAMIE: Did you know,
when John Anderson played this
for the record company,
they told him it was a B-side?
'Cause suits wouldn't know a hit
if it kicked them in the jewels.
Forgive the intrusion,
Mr. Roman.
I'm Jamie Burke.
ALBIE:
Let me guess, music producer.
(grunts)
Well, go ahead, do your thing.
Tell me how you're
gonna change my life.
Reinvent Albie Roman.
It's nothing I ain't heard
before from guys like you
sitting on stools like that.
(chuckles) Yup.
You're right.
I'm in the business.
I know your story.
Three years behind bars
for manslaughter,
a dozen top tens after that,
each one better than the last.
Shoot,
I should know,
I grew up listening
to every damn record
you ever made.
Before your music
turned to crap, anyway.
What'd you just say?
Come on now.
Last 20 years,
you've been getting screwed
by 28-year-old record execs
who've been yessing you
to death.
-Look, when your wife passed...
-Oh.
Be very careful
what you say next.
♪ Here's a glass of Chablis ♪
♪ And some quarters... ♪
When Dottie Roman passed,
the world...
they lost the Queen of Country.
But you lost your North Star.
She focused you, polished you,
pointed you to stardom.
But I got to ask, Mr. Roman,
do you even know
who you are without her?
If you ever want some help
remembering who
Albie Roman was...
...and who he still can be...
...give me a call.
♪ ♪
(knock on door)
(door opens)
Is this where we come
to pitch songs to the
legendary Nicky Roman?
-Word's out, you're on the hunt.
-Wade.
-You got a song for me?
-WADE: You'll tell me.
But my style does tend
more towards the, uh...
Lovesick young cowboy?
Ouch.
Did I offend you?
We'll call it even if...
...you agree to have a drink
with me tonight.
(phone buzzing)
Sorry. Hey.
LUKE (over phone):
I'm just checking in.
How's it going up there?
It's going well. I've, um...
I have lots of-of good options.
That's good because
bar's been set high.
I'm at the church now,
I'm listening to Gigi's song.
I got to tell you, it's...
it's haunting and sweet.
It's heartbreaking.
Now, is that her in the,
in the, in the background?
Hold the-the phone up
so I can hear.
Have a listen.
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You broke my heart ♪
♪ My body and mind ♪
♪ Yeah, you... ♪
No.
That's Mama's song.
What was that?
-That's Mama's song.
-Anyway,
it's amazing. (chuckles)
Honestly, I didn't think
Gigi had it in her.
Neither did I.
-All right.
-(phone beeps)
Well, if that's how
you want to play it,
game on, little sister.
She has no right. If anybody
should sing that song,
it is me. It is a cheating song,
for God's sake.
All good country songs
are cheating songs.
Nobody knows more
about heartbreak
and betrayal than I do.
I'm sorry, I'm so mad at her,
I can't even think straight
right now.
Luckily, you don't have to.
The bar's right there,
for that drink you promised me.
I'm sorry,
it's been an exhausting day.
Aren't you sober, anyway?
I still need fluids.
Look, normally I'd say fine,
bail on my ass,
I can take a hint, but...
you still need a song, right?
I can be useful to you.
(elevator bell dings)
(elevator doors open)
What you need is a break,
dinner maybe,
get your energy back.
Ugh. What I need is room service
and a bath, and...
I don't even know
what floor I'm on.
I could be talked into that.
-(elevator bell dings)
-Talked into what?
Bath.
-Room service.
-(chuckles)
Right. I didn't,
I didn't say that.
Now, my guess would be
you're staying...
the penthouse.
Well, thank you.
That is very helpful.
Hmm.
Now, my only other question
is, just how fast do you want
to get there?
♪ It's the same disease ♪
Not very fast.
♪ And every night ♪
♪ Is what I know ♪
♪ And I prefer ♪
(alarm bell ringing)
♪ To what I don't. ♪
(sighs) When's the band
getting here?
I sent 'em home.
You did what now?
I'm not gonna let you hide
behind the best session players
in the business. It's just
me and you in here today.
Listen, hoss, this...
truth-teller Rick Rubin
act of yours
is starting to wear
a little thin.
Really?
Thought that was
the exact reason
that you called me.
I saw that Insta video
of you and your daughter Gigi
playing in the truck.
That wasn't nothing.
That was just a daddy
singing with his little girl.
Yeah, well, someone leaked it
for a reason,
and I'm happy about that
because that's
the old Albie Roman again.
And that's what we're gonna find
in here today.
Take your time. Feel it.
Let it flow.
(playing guitar)
♪ A cowboy ain't easy ♪
♪ To love, he's harder ♪
♪ To hold ♪
♪ He'd rather give you ♪
♪ A song than silver or gold ♪
♪ Budweiser buckles
and soft faded ♪
♪ Wranglers, and each night ♪
♪ Begins a new day ♪
♪ If you can't understand him ♪
♪ And he don't die young ♪
♪ He'll probably
just ride away ♪
♪ Mamas ♪
♪ Don't let your babies
grow up to be ♪
♪ Cowboys ♪
♪ 'Cause they'll
never stay home ♪
♪ And they're always alone ♪
♪ Even with someone ♪
♪ They love ♪
♪ 'Cause they'll
never stay home ♪
♪ And they're always alone ♪
♪ Even with someone ♪
♪ They love. ♪
Yeah.
(chuckles)
Hey, Dad.
Hey, son.
Jamie Burke,
producer out of Atlanta.
Yeah, charmed.
Dad, can I have a word?
I'll just go check out
the hydrangeas.
What's so important?
Come on.
You have seen a thousand
pied piper producers
come and go.
Why didn't you come to me?
-You?
-Yeah. I'm your son.
And that's why I came to you
to get an answer
-about the music rights.
-And I told you,
she sold them.
Publishing and masters.
-Sold them? Why?
-I don't know.
She must have had her reasons.
That's not an answer.
-See? Businessmen
are the problem.
-(chuckles)
They're not the solution.
Guess you wouldn't
understand that.
Why? 'Cause I'm not an artist?
I'm not a real Roman?
Okay, fine, you know what?
You want to hear the truth?
Here it is.
Ever since Mama died...
no, no, it was long before that,
you've been lost,
and that makes you
an easy target for sharks
like that Jamie what's-his-name.
I mean, can't you see
what he's trying to do?
Yeah. Make me relevant again.
I got to go.
(door opens, closes)
(guitar playing in other room)
Good morning.
Hi. That is not fair.
Waking up before me.
Why? 'Cause now
you can't sneak out?
Uh, no, 'cause
it's my hotel room.
Okay. I'm busted.
(both chuckle)
But I do have to
get back to Austin.
Start rehearsing
something, anything.
-You know, it's gonna be okay.
-Is it?
'Cause it's supposed to be
my moment, and...
my little sister,
who I've protected and cared for
my entire life,
is trying to take it from me,
so...
Well, listen,
like I was telling you
yesterday, before we got, uh...
sidetracked,
I think I can help.
But I got to tell you,
this song is not just for you,
it's about you.
Take a listen.
(whistling)
(playing guitar)
♪ Check it out ♪
♪ Got a girl
from the Southside ♪
♪ Got braids in her hair... ♪
-(chuckles)
-That's you.
♪ First time I seen her ♪
♪ Walk by, man, I about
fell up out my chair ♪
(chuckles) ♪ I had to get her ♪
♪ Number ♪
♪ It took me, like, six weeks ♪
-(chuckling)
-♪ Yeah, now ♪
♪ Me and her go way back ♪
♪ Like Cadillac seats ♪
♪ Body like a back road ♪
♪ Driving with my eyes closed ♪
♪ I know every curve ♪
♪ Like the back
of my hand, you know ♪
♪ Doing 15 in a 30 ♪
♪ I ain't in no hurry ♪
♪ I'm-a take it slow,
just as fast as I can... ♪
-That's right.
-(chuckling)
♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na... ♪
Come on. ♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na ♪
Do you like it?
-Mm-hmm.
-♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na. ♪
(both chuckle)
I can, um...
...push that jet back by, like,
two, three hours.
-You can?
-I can.
That would certainly
interest me.
(moans)
-That sounds good.
-Oh!
It just doesn't make any sense,
why Dottie would
sell those songs.
You do know something
about this.
Albie, I've worked
for the Roman family
longer than I've had
one of my own.
Dottie trusted me implicitly.
I swore I'd take this
to my grave.
Which may be sooner
than you think.
A few years back,
Dottie needed money.
A lot and quickly.
She didn't want anybody to know.
-Money for what?
-Dottie was being blackmailed.
Started about five years back.
$50,000 a month, every month.
Paid to who?
If she knew, she wasn't telling.
I tried to get
to the bottom of it.
Hell, I even put a P.I. on it.
I never could find out.
I swear, it's all I know.
All right, well,
here's what you're gonna do now.
You reach out
to those spineless bastards,
and you tell them
that this ends today.
You tell them that Albie Roman
ain't paying them another cent.
-Hey.
-You're back.
Yeah. I got to start rehearsing
my song for the rodeo.
So you found something?
I did. I'm not gonna
say much about it yet,
but I hear that yours is great.
You want to-- want to, um...
You want to give me
a sneak preview?
I'd rather not.
It's, um, something
very personal to me.
I bet.
You know, uh, all the time
I was in Nashville,
I kept thinking
about Mama's song.
You know, the one that
she left for Daddy.
Just kept
going around and around
in my head.
Like she knew
all the pain I was...
I was going through with Clive.
I'm...
real sorry you've been
feeling that.
Me, too.
Being betrayed by someone
you trust is painful.
I hope you never
have to feel that.
(door opens)
(door closes)
-WOMAN: There!
-ANNOUNCER:
Ladies and gentlemen,
Monarch Entertainment presents
the Austin Founding Days Rodeo.
Welcome, everyone.
-Hi!
♪ It ain't no shame ♪
♪ To find a man with some money
and a big last name... ♪
-Hi, Dad.
-Hey, Luke.
Remember Jamie Burke?
Yeah, how could I forget?
Seems like you're everywhere
all of a sudden.
I was just thinking,
you remember when you taught me
to ride those things?
(audience cheering)
Remember that?
That was a lifetime ago.
Come on, boy,
I'll show you around.
-See you later, son.
-Yeah.
Hey, baby.
(overlapping party chatter)
WOMAN:
So excited for her.
Following in her
mother's footsteps.
Daddy, Daddy, Daddy!
It's-it's on.
Nicky's song is on.
All right, babe.
♪ And tell me now ♪
♪ How do I live without you ♪
♪ I want to know... ♪
Nicky, that ain't you.
That's Mama.
♪ Without you, if you ♪
♪ Ever go, how do I ♪
♪ Ever, ever survive? ♪
(knock on door)
-Hello? Come in.
-(door opens)
JAMIE:
Ms. Roman?
-You decent?
-Yup.
Sorry to interrupt. I-I know
you're about to go on. I...
I-I just wanted
to introduce myself.
-I'm Jamie Burke.
-Yeah, I-I know who you are.
My brother warned me about you.
Oh. Guess I made quite
the impression, then.
Us Romans can be
a very protective bunch.
Don't take it personally.
(laughs) Hey, can I ask you...
-what song are you
singing today?
-I'm...
I'm singing something I've had
tucked away for a long time and,
well, thinking of recording it.
May I ask why you haven't?
Because it wasn't ready.
Now, are you fooling yourself
or are you trying to fool me?
-Excuse me?
-Come on. We both know
what's at stake here today.
You're singing
in your mother's shadow
first year she's been gone,
and so is your sister,
the overnight viral sensation.
My sister and I are not
in competition.
Well, that's not what I hear.
Nicky, you're so talented
and beautiful.
In fact, you're spectacular.
But you're not your mama.
Well, now I know why my brother
loves you so much.
No, what I'm trying
to tell you is, don't be
some Gen Y clone
of Dottie Roman.
If you go out there
and serve these folks
some recycled song that you-you
meant to record way back when,
but there's probably a damn good
reason why you didn't,
your sister's gonna leave you
in the dust.
With all you've been through,
what you need is to...
is to let your heart
bleed out there.
Or you're better off
not going on at all.
Anyway...
I want you to know it really is
a pleasure meeting you.
(door opens)
(door closes)
("Down to the Bottom"
by Dorothy playing)
STAGE MANAGER:
You're on in 15, Ms. Roman,
right after your sister.
Change of plans.
♪ Take me down, everybody down ♪
♪ Take me down,
down to the bottom... ♪
ANNOUNCER:
Folks, put your
loving hands together
for the one and only
Nicky Roman!
(audience cheering)
What the hell?
I'm supposed to be next.
(cheering)
♪ Take me down ♪
♪ Down to the bottom ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
(vocalizing)
How y'all doing?
(cheering)
NICKY:
Now, as you all know,
my mama used to perform here
every year
for her most loyal fans.
And today I'm gonna
continue that tradition
by singing a song that was
real close to her heart.
(cheering, applause)
(music starts playing)
This one's for you, Mama.
-Whoo!
-Nicky, we love you!
♪ Our love was built on lies ♪
♪ The truth is, I closed ♪
♪ My eyes ♪
♪ I see the red taillights ♪
♪ Of our life fade away... ♪
That bitch stole my song.
♪ 'Cause I can say that ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ You broke my heart ♪
♪ My body and mind ♪
♪ Yeah, you... ♪
♪ Tore me apart ♪
♪ What gives you the right? ♪
♪ I'm drowning in all
of the tears I can cry ♪
♪ You threw us away
for a moment in time ♪
♪ Now I got to carry
this pain till I die ♪
♪ The truth can't be spoken ♪
♪ But God knows I am broken ♪
(cheering)
♪ I am broken ♪
♪ Ooh. ♪
(song ends)
(applause and cheering)
(whistling,
applause and cheering)
(overlapping, excited chatter)
-How dare you?
You stole Mama's song!
-What?
You mean before you could? What
did you think I was gonna do?
Huh? You think I was gonna sit
back quietly and let you take
every single thing
I've worked for my entire life?
I even gave you the chance
to come clean.
-All you had to do
was be honest.
-And then what?
Screw me in plain sight,
instead of behind my back?
You'll do anything
to get what you want.
-No, I wouldn't.
-And you don't care
who you hurt.
(scoffs)
Of course you helped Mama die.
You're just like her.
-Gigi!
-(chuckles)
The queen is dead.
Long live the queen.
(indistinct chatter)
(Albie speaks indistinctly)
♪ ♪
(horse neighs)
MAN:
You sure about this?
Yup.
Eight seconds can feel
like forever.
Whatever he's got,
I can take it.
ANNOUNCER:
Coming up next,
a late entry in the
amateur bull-riding competition.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Mr. Luke Roman!
(applause and cheering)
Did you hear that? Mom?
I-I did. Come on.
Come on, Tatum, hurry up.
Daddy? Daddy, have you heard?!
Have you heard
what Luke's doing?
Well, I didn't think
I heard right.
Oh, my goodness.
-Yeah.
-Watch your arms, though.
Watch your arms.
(indistinct chatter)
ANNOUNCER:
As we get ready to go now
to the next bucking champ.
Lord, is that boy trying
to kill his self?
(bull chuffs)
ANNOUNCER:
Well, Luke Roman is ready.
He nods his head.
(grunting)
Hang on, son!
-(bull bellowing)
-(grunting)
-(groans)
-ANNOUNCER: Oh, man, he is hurt.
This cowboy is down.
-Oh, my God. Luke!
-ANNOUNCER: As soon as we get
the bull back in the chute,
please stand by, paramedics.
(ambulance siren honks, chirps)
WOMAN (over P.A.):
Dr. Saffron,
please report to ER 1.
Oh, come on, Daddy.
You know why he did this,
don't you, right?
Boys will be boys, I reckon.
No, Daddy, he was trying
to prove something to you.
He was...
Well, it's not fair.
No one should have to fight
for their father's love. It's...
He's never gonna be like you.
Okay? No matter
how many bulls he rides.
(door opens)
Anything? Any news?
No, we're still waiting
for him to come out of surgery.
You-you should sit, Gigi.
It could be a while.
I'm sorry.
Did somebody say something?
You okay, baby?
Of course.
I'm just worried
for all of you, you know?
Good. You're all here.
Is-is... is he...
is he gonna be okay?
Well, there was more internal
bleeding than we anticipated.
But he came through fine.
Well, can we see him?
He's resting.
Just one at a time.
All right.
You sit back down.
I got this.
(man speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
(door closes)
(monitor beeping)
-Hey.
-Hey, son.
Hey, Dad.
You got your sisters
in a panic out there.
Not a very nice thing
to do to 'em.
I'm sorry.
Well, the good news is,
you're gonna be okay.
But maybe...
-Maybe we rethink
this bull-riding thing, huh?
-(laughs)
I don't think it's a good
career move for you, hoss.
I can't replace you as CEO.
What would Monarch do...
without you?
Hmm. Yeah.
LUKE:
Hmm.
(phone buzzing)
-I'm gonna let you rest.
-Okay.
Look, Luke, I'm not very good
at putting things into words.
Unless it's song lyrics.
But you know
how I feel, don't you?
Yeah.
All right.
-(sniffles)
-WOMAN (over P.A.):
Cath Lab, please dial 2692.
(Nicky clears throat)
Uh, I'm gonna get a soda.
Give you two a minute.
Can I get you guys something?
Other than a new sister, no.
(Nicky sighs)
Right. Okay, I am not sorry
for what I did.
You do not understand
the pressure I'm under.
I'm not a new, fresh discovery.
And thanks to you, neither am I.
Oh, come on. There's gonna be
other songs and other chances.
So I should sit patiently
and wait for my chance?
Like you waited for Mama?
How'd that work out for you?
No, it's-it's different for you.
You're just beginning.
You think it's my fault
she never made good
on any of the promises to you?
And you think it's helped you?
Always doing everything
on her terms,
playing by her rules?
News flash, Nicky.
She made up those rules
to ensure that she'd always win.
No. I think she did
what she did to stay on top.
-She had to be ruthless.
-(scoffs)
Now you are, too.
Mission accomplished.
You may not feel it now,
but today
you got a little bit stronger.
Now come on down
and celebrate Mama's bit hit.
Put your prettiest smile on,
okay?
Show must go on.
I can't.
I can't ever sing that song
again. She broke my heart.
Yes, you can, Nicky, because
I'm gonna be right next to you.
No matter what she ever makes
you do,
I'll always be here for you.
I just thought you should know.
-Hey.
-I better go.
How you doing, soldier?
-I'm good.
-Yeah?
Yeah. Mm.
Um,
so, I'm guessing, um,
she told you
about the pregnancy?
Yeah, she told me.
And, uh, how do you feel
about that?
Happy? Scared?
I don't know.
I'm on a lot of morphine.
Well, we'll deal with it
when you're back up and about.
All right?
-Mm.
-Good?
-I think there's something else.
-What?
The D.A.'s been read in
on the oxycodone levels
in Mama's blood.
He's not gonna let it go.
So, what next?
We do the only thing we can do.
We wait.
Come on, Marty.
Well, I delivered the message
that you're done paying.
And?
They didn't take too kindly
to it.
Now... they want double.
Next payment's due tomorrow.
(brakes squeaking)
(siren wailing in distance)
♪ ♪
All right. It's all clear.
Come on.
♪ You said it's gonna be
a long, hard road ♪
♪ You said it's gonna be a long,
hard road ♪
♪ You said,
lay down your heavy load ♪
This, too.
♪ It's a long, hard road
indeed ♪
(groans)
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ The wicked gonna fall indeed ♪
-♪ He said ♪
-♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
-♪ The wicked gonna fall ♪
♪ The wicked gonna fall ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Indeed. ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org